- Hey Brooklyn.
My name's Matt.
I'm 26 and I'm super excited to meet you
and go paddle boarding with you tonight.
(lively guitar music)
- Okay guys, I'm headed
to date number four.
I just finished doing my makeup
but honestly I think I'm
gonna have to rebraid this
'cause it's kind of a mess
but date number four guys.
I'm almost halfway there.
This is so crazy.
It's so insane how every day is different.
Like every guy is different.
I'm so excited about today's date
cause it's gonna be really fun.
I don't know much about the guy but yeah.
Also, I'm wearing,
I don't know if you can see
that I'm wearing like this
little giraffe print swimsuit
which is the first time
I've ever worn giraffe print swimsuit.
So if this guy doesn't
appreciate my cute suit,
you guys can appreciate my cute suit.
I haven't really been on a
lot of water dates before
which made me have to sit there
and think like, "Do I put makeup on?"
'Cause normally if I'm
going swimming and stuff,
like if I'm in the water,
I'm the kind of person that
will like legitimately swim.
I will like legitimately paddle board,
do all those things.
So like my first thought process is like,
"Oh, I'm not gonna wear makeup
cause I don't want it to get everywhere."
But usually I can put on some extra store
and it stays on pretty well.
But if I'm doing stuff like surfing,
I'll just not wear makeup
but this is also a date.
So like...
So I'm just putting on like light makeup
for all these water dates, we'll see.
Date number four here we come.
We're going back up the
Canyon for this date.
I know that this guy's name is Matthew.
He's 26 and he--
- Wait, he referred to himself as Matt.
Just bear in thought.
- Oh sorry, Matt.
I don't know if he's
training to be a pilot
or is a pilot.
Kind of funny because I come
from fifth generation pilots,
like my grandpa--
- Oh my gosh, guess what he is!
He's a twin.
- Oh yeah!
And we don't know if
he's identical or not.
So that'll be kind of a fun talking point
'cause not everybody can relate to that.
We are actually, again,
running late (laughs).
We literally I've been in
traffic every single day.
We've been in like construction.
- And we've been leaving earlier too.
- Yeah, we have been.
We've been leaving like 45
minutes early for every day.
So, do not judge us,
we're doing our best.
I saw a few of y'all that were like,
"How old would you actually date?"
I think the parameters I set
for this were like 21 to 28.
Honestly, I'm kind of
open minded about age.
I think if you just get along really well,
it's all good.
So this guy is 26
and I'm really pumped
and we'll see how it goes.
- That's why I hopped out.
Hey!
- Nice to meet you.
It's like a nice evening weather
so it's actually perfect outside
so I'm kind of pumped.
- [Betsy] Yeah, it is very beautiful.
- Yeah, it's really pretty.
And the view is always gorgeous.
- [Betsy] I mean, look at this.
(wind whirls)
(gentle music)
All right, let's show the
cute little basket you have
for the picnic.
- This is the picnic basket.
- Oh, there's stuff in it.
It's so cute.
- Some salad and some chips
and stuff, yeah.
- [Betsy] Awesome.
(gentle upbeat music)
- [Brooklyn] What are you doing
for like job, your career?
What are you like pursuing?
- So I am in flight school right now.
I'm training to be a pilot.
So I wanna be a commercial pilot.
- [Brooklyn] And you have a twin brother?
I do have a twin.
- [Brooklyn] And your fraternal, right?
- Fraternal, we look nothing alike
so sometimes people can
like tell the difference.
Sometimes it's hard for people
to believe that we're twins.
- [Brooklyn] Yeah, I get that.
- I meant to say (chuckles).
- [Brooklyn] I get that.
(gentle upbeat music)
Oh, I just, zoomed in.
Okay, I just finished eating my meal.
I know you guys are gonna laugh
at me that this is finished
but this is finished.
I don't know if he cooked it himself
but he's not here
but I'm impressed if he
did cause it was delicious.
And also he has this like
cute little setup of fruit
and he even brought lemons
to squeeze over the salad.
So it was like really bougie
and also sparkling water
which I don't like.
(Brooklyn and Betsy laugh)
So I feel so bad cause,
"Oh, I'm okay, I really
just don't need a drink."
He was like, "Oh no, I
have water in the car."
So that's where he is right now.
He's running to get me
water which I just...
Ah, I feel a little high
maintenance but that's okay.
But that's the deal, feeling great.
Having a fun time.
Picnic Super fun.
We're sitting on this cute little blanket
and Betsy is just chilling
just doing a great job.
(people chattering)
(water ripples)
- [Betsy] Oh, that was good.
- Hey everybody, watch and learn,
the pro is about to start.
(water ripples)
(Matt screams)
- [Matt] Oh, nice!
- Oh it skipped.
It's skipped twice.
(water ripples)
(wind whirls)
Did I get three?
- [Betsy] Mm, one.
(Brooklyn and Betsy laugh)
- I think it was two.
(screams)
This is the second time
I've fallen on this date.
- [Betsy] Oh my gosh (laughs).
You guys, she ate it
and I didn't have the camera on.
- And literally my face
touched the ground.
(Brooklyn and Betsy laugh)
(water ripples)
- Nice, that was like five.
That's pretty good.
- That was pro, it's a bomb.
- [Betsy] #pro right here.
What else do we need to teach Brooklyn?
I mean, do you know at all?
All the things?
- (chuckles) She knows
all the things already.
- All of it.
I'm a pro.
- [Betsy] Paddle boarding now?
- I think that's the move.
- What do you guys think
about these sunglasses?
- [Betsy] Turn to the sides.
- Is that a go or a no go?
- Apparently, somebody thought
that they were girl sunglasses, right?
It's girls specific?
- Yeah.
That guys don't wear
tinted shade sunglasses.
- I thought that they were gender neutral.
- Yeah.
- [Brooklyn] Comment down
below what you think.
- [Betsy] Should he keep them
or should he lose them?
I think they look good.
- [Brooklyn] Yeah, I think I like them.
- [Betsy] He did find a picture
of Brad Pitt wearing some.
- So maybe they are gender neutral.
(Matt laughs)
- [Betsy] I think so
but I wanna hear what everyone else thinks
- Yeah.
(lively upbeat music)
- [Betsy] Bye, have fun.
Be safe.
(lively upbeat music begins)
(pop sound)
(kids chattering)
(lively upbeat music ends)
Okay, three, two, one jump.
Three, two, one jump.
- We were trying to take jumping pictures
and he lost his shoes in
the middle of the jump.
So one is over here
(foot steps approach)
(lively upbeat music)
and the other one is over here.
So he gave up (laughs).
He took his shoes off.
- Just going with the bare feet.
- So we're gonna try and
get some more jumping photos
with bare feet this time (laughs).
(lively guitar music)
(camera shutters)
- [Betsy] First impression of Brooklyn.
- I think she's super cute,
she's really fun.
She is very easy to talk to.
I feel like we got along pretty well,
had a lot to talk about.
- [Betsy] Expect anything different or?
- I didn't really know what
to expect to be honest.
I came in just kind of
blind ready for whatever
- [Betsy] And what--
- But it's been awesome.
- [Betsy] Favorite part of the date?
Favorite part of the date
I think was the paddle boarding part.
It's really pretty up here.
It was fun to just kind of chat
and hang out on the paddle boards.
- [Betsy] Awesome!
- Yeah.
- [Betsy] What would you
rate the date one out of 10?
- 10 out of 10 for sure.
It was awesome.
- [Betsy] All good, awesome!
Thanks for the interview.
- Yeah, you're welcome.
- [Betsy] Brooklyn, first impression.
- He was honestly so sweet.
We got in the car
and it was just like so chill already.
There's just no pressure.
There's no stress.
It was really easy.
It was kind of nice.
- [Betsy] Was it interesting
to go out with another twin?
Have you gone out with a twin before?
- I don't think I have.
- [Betsy] First twin?
- This is the first time I've
gone out with another twin
but I think it's a little different
'cause he's a fraternal twin
and him and his twin are not the same.
And so I don't know if they're like...
And they don't even do the same things.
So it's a little different.
So we talked about being
twins for like five minutes
but it honestly wasn't like any different
than going out with just
someone who isn't a twin
which I thought it would be
and it wasn't.
Good to figure it.
- [Betsy] Yeah and he's a pilot.
- And he's a pilot
which I come from like
fifth generation pilots
so we connected on that.
- [Betsy] That's awesome.
- Yeah.
- [Betsy] And so just having fun tonight.
- I know, it's been great.
- [Betsy] You know what I
thought was so interesting
is he chose a chicken
caesar salad for dinner
and I thought that was like a good choice.
I don't feel like guys
think of that I think.
- I know it was super easy
and it was cooked really well.
The chicken was delicious.
I don't know if he made it,
I don't know if he didn't,
I don't know if bought it
but it was really good.
I ate the whole thing.
- [Betsy] It doesn't matter.
- It doesn't matter (laughs).
We're at the end of the day.
Thank you so much for taking me out.
- Yeah, that was so much fun.
- Yeah, it was super fun.
- Very nice to meet you.
- Yeah good food, good time...
- What I want you to know,
Brooklyn was so nice that
she offered to drive.
- I did, I'm driving.
Also, I just love this car.
- But it was a fun date, right?
- Yeah, that was really creative.
Like the picnic and the paddle boarding
and stuff all on the water there
'cause it's mountains here.
Like in Texas, it's Lake water.
Like with mud
and so it's always warm,
the ground is warm.
Here, it's mountain water like snow.
So even though it's hot outside,
it was freezing,
the water was freezing.
Betsy wouldn't even touch her toe in it.
She was like, "Nope, nope."
- Listen, I didn't want to...
I wanted them to have the fun.
(laughs)
I didn't want to take
away from your date, okay?
- So yeah, it was fun though.
- Okay Brooklyn, I really wanna know,
how did you feel?
Like do you feel...
You know you'll get that
feeling if he's the one.
- Yes.
- Did you get that feeling?
- I don't think so.
I think this guy was really nice
and the date was genuinely fun
but I'm so sure that
I'm just gonna feel it.
I'm just gonna know
and I'm gonna wanna hang out more
and do all those things.
And I don't know if this
is the person for that.
He was so nice
but I just know I'm gonna feel it.
- It's true, I think that really is true.
Alyssa even said that.
She's like, "I would go out with the guys
and they did all the perfect things.
They were so nice.
- Yeah.
- [Betsy] But...
But if you guys loved him,
vote for him in the comments
because that can always help out.
So...
(lively brassy music)